Added new validation rules (#393)
spiral/guide: docs/en/validation/spiral.md

> prefix `array::`

| Rule           | Parameters           | Description                                                             |
|----------------|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| count          | length:*int*         | Checks if an array has a size equal to the given value.                 |
| shorter        | length:*int*         | Checks if an array has a size smaller than or equal to the given value. |
| longer         | length:*int*         | Checks if an array has a size bigger than or equal to the given value.  |
| range          | min:*int*, max:*int* | Checks if an array has a size between the given min and max.            |

> | expectedValues | *array*              | Checks if an array has given values.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expectedValues | *array*              | Checks if an array values are included in the given list of values. |
```

        'tags' => [
            ['notEmpty'],
            ['array::range', 1, 10]
        ],

>         'person' => [

Reviewer: Use an example from real life

Reviewer: ```php
        'person' => [  // <==== ['ugly', 'old', 'long_hair']
            ['array::isList'],
            ['array::shorter', 3],
            ['array::expectedValues', ['good', 'bad', 'ugly', 'long_hair', 'young', 'old', 'strong']]
        ]
```
